Technology Journal

This page is intended to be an assembly of pages relating to GoCV development materials.
Pages/guides we found that helped us are present here; the more documentation and guides
we put here, the more quickly newcomers will adjust to working in GoCV.

GoCV Main Page
This site provides a guide on how to install GoCV on a Windows, macOS, or Linux device.
It also features multiple example programs, including face detection, deep neural network
use to track objects or faces, and motion detection. Further included is a link to its
GoDoc, providing Go documentation on functions in GoCV.
https://gocv.io/

Go by Example
This website goes over different aspects of programming with example code for each. One
can follow the examples by entering them into their own computer and modifying the code,
allowing one to get a better understanding of what these functions are doing. Relevant to
this program, it spans basics from for loops, conditional statements, and data structures
to deferring, goroutines, and channels.
https://gobyexample.com/

Go Documentation
This official documentation can be used alongside Go by Example to learn about programming
in Go. It covers much of the same content as Go by Example, but where Go by Example
emphasizes examples, the Golang documentation provides more in-depth explanations. That's
not to say this page includes examples as well; including both of these resources
provides multiple means by which one can learn these materials.
https://golang.org/doc/effective_go.html

OpenCV Documentation
This page is the nightly version of OpenCV's documentation. It describes the different
main and additional modules in OpenCV while also providing tutorials for installing and
working with it in C++, Python, and JavaScript. While there are not sections for working
in Go with this, many of the functions in these modules share similarities with those in
GoCV since the latter is based on the former. Thus, this is an ideal source to consult if
GoCV's GoDoc seems lacking in some places.
https://docs.opencv.org/master/
